Suggest useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping in essential v14-23 upgrade steps (#1242)
vaadin/docs: articles/v14-23-upgrade/essential-steps/instructions/_common.adoc

}
----

== Enable Server-Side Bootstrapping 

Vaadin 23 uses a client-side bootstrapping approach that is different from the server-side mode that is used in Vaadin 14.
This change requires some alteration to your Vaadin 14 codebase.

> However, to quickly get your application up and running in Vaadin 23, you can enable the deprecated server-side bootstrapping using the `useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, to quickly get your application up and running in Vaadin 23, you can enable the Vaadin 14 server-side bootstrapping using the `useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping` flag. We describe later in this guide the code changes required to use the new bootstrapping mode.
```
